# 11 September 2023 - Monday Meeting
## Planning Meeting

### Attendance
- [x] Maha Medhat (Team Lead)
- [x] Mahmoud Yaser
- [x] Ahmed Hassan
- [x] Ibrahim Mohamed
- [x] Mohamed Ismail


### General Questions

- Why we will be doing this?
  - This Project is to have us either work/continue research with it, so we will be doing the best practices in the industry for software development and research.
  
- For Whom? (Target)
  - Medical Doctors
  - Radiologists
  - Hospitals
  - Radiology Centers
  
- What we will be doing?
  - Multi-Modality Web-Based Medical Viewer



### Product
We agreed that our project will be a medical viewer with features and services.

This Medical Viewer has:
- Software Features
- AI Features

Initially Suggested Features:
  - Neat UI with smooth UX
  - Annotations
  - Measurements
  - Segmentation
  - Synthesis
  - Active Learning
  - PACS Integration
  - Cross Platform
  - Access Anywhere/Anytime
  - Multi-modalities
  - Export/Import
  - Pan, Zoom & Rotate
  - 3D Object Generation


### Project Management

- Discussion about the project management tools and techniques that we will be using.
- We will be using Agile Methodology.
- We will be using Scrum Framework.
- We will do standup meetings every Monday and Thursday.
- We will look up for ZenHub.
- We will be using GitHub for version control.
- Discussion about GitHub features and how we will be using them to manage our project.
- How we will be using GitHub.


### System Architecture and Design

- Discussion about the system architecture and design.
- We will be using microservices architecture and containerization.
- We will be using Docker for containerization.
- We will be using Kubernetes for container orchestration.

### Software Team
  - We will be using React for the frontend.
  - We haven't decided yet about the backend.
  - We will be using Python for the AI part (AI Services).

### AI Team
- We will use PyTorch for most of the work.
- Agreed on the ML pipeline.

### Next
- Software Team is preparing the SRS document and wireframes.
- AI Team is searching for why we need to use PyTorch and what are the advantages of using it and why not other frameworks.
